Analyse this persuasive conversation (slides 19-20) Ben is speaking to his manager, Abel, about allowing his team members to invite their families to the road show when they work on weekends at the show. Identify the words and expressions Ben uses to demonstrate AIDA framework and expression of empathy. A Ben: Hi Abel. I'd like to discuss about the road show weekend scheduling. Do you have a few minutes? B Abel: Yes. Is there a problem? C Ben: Do you recall how we've been talking about work-life balance in the past year? Most of our team members have young families and working on both weekends affects work-life balance. D Abel: How will we cope with manpower need if we don't schedule them? E Ben: That's what I've been considering. F Ben: What do you think about having their families over for one of the days over the weekends - as road show guests? Anyway, we've magic shows and games for young families. That way, they can technically be with the family while at work. What do you think? G Abel: Sounds like something that may work. H Ben: It'll certainly make them happier! Wouldn't we want that for the team? I Abel: Sure! I think you are right. Just make sure we don't have too many staff families on the same day. J Ben I understand. Shall I announce this on email now? Which of the above line tried to Draw Attention, by: Highlighting a point Couching - framing the topic Showing confidence or a sense of certainty|C Ben: Do you recall how we've been talking about work-life balance in the past year? Most of our team members have young families and working on both weekends affects work-life balance.
Analyse this persuasive conversation (slides 19-20) Ben is speaking to his manager, Abel, about allowing his team members to invite their families to the road show when they work on weekends at the show. Identify the words and expressions Ben uses to demonstrate AIDA framework and expression of empathy. A Ben: Hi Abel. I'd like to discuss about the road show weekend scheduling. Do you have a few minutes? B Abel: Yes. Is there a problem? C Ben: Do you recall how we've been talking about work-life balance in the past year? Most of our team members have young families and working on both weekends affects work-life balance. D Abel: How will we cope with manpower need if we don't schedule them? E Ben: That's what I've been considering. F Ben: What do you think about having their families over for one of the days over the weekends - as road show guests? Anyway, we've magic shows and games for young families. That way, they can technically be with the family while at work. What do you think? G Abel: Sounds like something that may work. H Ben: It'll certainly make them happier! Wouldn't we want that for the team? I Abel: Sure! I think you are right. Just make sure we don't have too many staff families on the same day. J Ben I understand. Shall I announce this on email now? Which of the above line tried to Generate Interest, by: Posing a rhetorical question to make a suggestion Supporting with reasons Using a modal verb to affirm Checking and asking for consent|F Ben: What do you think about having their families over for one of the days over the weekends - as road show guests? Anyway, we've magic shows and games for young families. That way, they can technically be with the family while at work. What do you think?
Analyse this persuasive conversation (slides 19-20) Ben is speaking to his manager, Abel, about allowing his team members to invite their families to the road show when they work on weekends at the show. Identify the words and expressions Ben uses to demonstrate AIDA framework and expression of empathy. A Ben: Hi Abel. I'd like to discuss about the road show weekend scheduling. Do you have a few minutes? B Abel: Yes. Is there a problem? C Ben: Do you recall how we've been talking about work-life balance in the past year? Most of our team members have young families and working on both weekends affects work-life balance. D Abel: How will we cope with manpower need if we don't schedule them? E Ben: That's what I've been considering. F Ben: What do you think about having their families over for one of the days over the weekends - as road show guests? Anyway, we've magic shows and games for young families. That way, they can technically be with the family while at work. What do you think? G Abel: Sounds like something that may work. H Ben: It'll certainly make them happier! Wouldn't we want that for the team? I Abel: Sure! I think you are right. Just make sure we don't have too many staff families on the same day. J Ben I understand. Shall I announce this on email now? Which of the above line tried to Create Desire? Note Ben's tone and the use of modal verbs in this response.|H Ben: It'll certainly make them happier! Wouldn't we want that for the team?
Analyse this persuasive conversation (slides 19-20) Ben is speaking to his manager, Abel, about allowing his team members to invite their families to the road show when they work on weekends at the show. Identify the words and expressions Ben uses to demonstrate AIDA framework and expression of empathy. A Ben: Hi Abel. I'd like to discuss about the road show weekend scheduling. Do you have a few minutes? B Abel: Yes. Is there a problem? C Ben: Do you recall how we've been talking about work-life balance in the past year? Most of our team members have young families and working on both weekends affects work-life balance. D Abel: How will we cope with manpower need if we don't schedule them? E Ben: That's what I've been considering. F Ben: What do you think about having their families over for one of the days over the weekends - as road show guests? Anyway, we've magic shows and games for young families. That way, they can technically be with the family while at work. What do you think? G Abel: Sounds like something that may work. H Ben: It'll certainly make them happier! Wouldn't we want that for the team? I Abel: Sure! I think you are right. Just make sure we don't have too many staff families on the same day. J Ben I understand. Shall I announce this on email now? Which of the above line tried to Engage Action? Ben asks for permission to carry out the suggestion.|J Ben: I understand. Shall I announce this on email now?
Words and expressions Ben uses to demonstrate expression of empathy. (You may select more than ONE answer.)|E Ben: That's what I've been considering.$J Ben: I understand. Shall I announce this on email now?
