Your colleague Brian submitted a report during work that contained some errors. Your manager asked for your opinion on the report. Which of the following would be the most appropriate to say?|Brian's report is not very accurate.
Which one of the following is an example of not being plainspoken? Please select the most precise answer.|Brian's report is fallacious
Which of the following is an example of not being plausible? Please select the most precise example.|Brian's report is full of lies and he is rather useless
Which one of the following statements is correct?|Coercion is the most unethical out of Persuasion, Manipulation, Propaganda and Coercion
Which one of the following statements is incorrect?|According to Maslansky, even Pessimists can be won over by good language habits to develop trust over time
In persuading someone, why is the character of the sender of the message important?|It forms part of ethos, or source credibility, which affects what the receiver believes
"This is impossible. It's not really working out for either one of us. She's being too difficult to work with." Assuming the situation to be true, what is the above an example of, according to Maslansky? Please select the most accurate example out of the four options.|It is too negative and does not conform to 'being Positive' from the 4 Ps.
Which of the following is the most accurate? In any communication process, there is always|All of the above
Bryan needed to explain the process of installing a new printer to a colleague, Madeline. He sent an email saying: Dear Madeline, Installing the printer is an elementary task any one of us can do. The fundamental step involves downloading the driver from the Internet most expeditiously. Once this basic premise has been duly satisfied, the next step is to maneuver your mouse to the printer icon, right-click, and select the install button. The plebian and unceremonious task is therefore complete. Regards, Bryan Which P of Maslansky's 4 Ps of building trust does the email violate? Out of the four options, please select the most accurate one.|Be plainspoken
According to research, credibility consists of|Competence, knowledge and goodwill
Which one of the following best describes Plausible language, according to Maslansky?|All of the above are correct
According to Maslansky, author of Language of Trust, which of the following is not part of the 4 Ps?|Be possible
Which of the following is an example of persuasion through ethos?|I believe what the United Nations say about North Korea because the United Nations are a trustworthy source
Which of the following is an example of persuasion through logos?|I believe what Cristiano Ronaldo say because what he says is reasonable and he backs it up with statistical evidence
According to Mulholland, the key differences between propaganda and persuasion are:|Persuasion uses overt tactics but propaganda uses covert tactics$Propaganda allows for little to no choice for the receiver but persuasion allows the receiver choice
