Read the following scenario and pick the statement that best describes it. Trang has just arrived in Japan from Vietnam with his boss and they are invited to a welcome lunch where he has a chance to chat with the Director of their sister company, Ms Yukiko. Trang: Have you been in the company for long? Yukiko: It's been quite some time... about eight years. Trang: Wow! That's a very long time! What made you stay all these years? Must be the pay! You must be earning a lot by now! Am I right?|It is not appropriate to ask about someone's pay in such a context.
Read the following scenario and pick the statement that best describes it. Introduction It is Ismail Hamid's first day in the company and his manager, John, is introducing him to the other colleagues. John: Finally, we have a Malay colleague in our midst! Amy, meet Ismail. Ismail, this is Amy. Amy: (stretching out a hand for a handshake) Hi! I'm Amy. Nice to meet you. Ismail: (smiling awkwardly) Hi! Nice meeting you, too.|It is not appropriate for Amy to initiate a handshake because physical contact may not be acceptable, especially between a man and a woman.
Read the following scenario and pick the statement that best describes it. At a meeting of global partners. Tommy: Hey John! Hey Tan! Good to see you here! How's it going? John: Hi Tommy! Good to see you, too! Tan: Hi Tommy! Thanks! Nice to see you. We haven't met for quite a while! Tommy: Exactly! Tan: Was it at the exhibition in Jakarta last March? Tommy: No, I think it was the conference two years ago in Manila. John: That's right, Tommy! Your memory is certainly much better than Tan's! Haha... Tan: Haha... I think you're right. I've been so busy I'm often forgetting things if I don't write them down. John: Getting old, Tan. So do you have a written description of how your wife looks like in your notebook? Haha... If you were there, which is the most appropriate thing to do/say? Choose one from the options below.|You have a good memory, John, but Tan has a lot to attend to. Such minor details are not at all crucial. The important thing is that he still remembers us, don't you think? (smile)
Read the following scenario and pick the statement that best describes it. Tea-break at the office pantry. Jimmy: Sam, have you finished the report? Sam: Almost. I will email our boss soon. Lin: Make sure you do it. You're new here. It's a different story if you have been around for a long time, you know. Hey! Did you guys see the way he was talking to that new admin executive yesterday? He was definitely making sure that the new chap knows his place in this company. Oh my goodness! That long list of instructions, rules & regulations to follow! I hope he remembers them all. Sam: Really? I was supposed to see him when I came in last week but he was away. Will he go through that list with me as well? At this point, the Boss walks in. Jimmy & Lin: Hi Boss. Sam: Hey Peter! (putting his hand on Peter's shoulder) When am I supposed to see you for that little chat all newcomers have to have with you?|Sam should not have addressed the Boss by his first name and acted so familiar with the latter.
