Affirm with Confidence (slides 27-29) How do you present reasons with confidence? How do you describe scenarios of success with conviction? What do you say to motivate your target listener to take actions? By using precise adjectives (descriptions) and action words (verbs) to provide a clear idea of what is done or can be done. By describing concrete examples and evidence to support recommendations and motivate the listener to take actions. Is Gim affirming and persuasive in this conversation? • Find examples in the conversation where Gim uses precise adjectives (descriptions) and action words (verbs). • Find examples in the conversation where Gim describes concrete examples and evidence. At a quarterly meeting between a service provider (Gim) and client (Ben). Line Speaker Dialogue 1 Gim: How are you doing, Ben? The last quarter was a busy period yes? 2 Ben: Hi Goh! Yes, it was. It was the peak period for my team. 3 Gim: Well, it's always a good sign to be busy. 4 Ben: Yes, you're right! How is it going, Gim? 5 Gim: Exciting times, I guess! We're introducing a new line of packaging designs and these are going to look very good on your products. 6 Ben: Do you have samples or mock-ups to show me? 7 Gim: Yes, here they are. Environmentalism is important, we're upcycling used materials to produce boxes and labels. The colours are also fresh and funky. 8 Ben: I must say these are creative designs. Wow! 9 Gim: I'm introducing these to you because the designs will go very well with your innovative products and target consumers, who appreciate cutting-edge technology and design. We will also customise the packaging design to suit your products and target consumers. 10 Ben: That'll be cool. Actually I was thinking about how to market the next version of the product differently and I think your packaging just provided the answer. But how much more is this going to cost? 11 Gim: The new design costs about 10 percent more and the difference really goes into the upcycling effort, besides the designing. We'll be ready to conceptualise your customizing needs whenever you're good to go. I'm excited! Line 5: "... these are going to look very good on your products." Recognize: Gim's use of precise adjectives (descriptions) and action words (verbs).|Verb: look
Adj: very good
Gim expresses his understanding of his client's preferences for his specific product.
Line 7: "Environmentalism is important, we're upcycling used materials to produce boxes and labels. The colours are also fresh and funky." Recognize: Gim's use of precise adjectives (descriptions) and action words (verbs) Gim's use of concrete examples and evidence|Verbs: upcycling, produce
Adj: fresh, funky
Concrete evidence: used materials, boxes, labels
Line 9: "... the designs will go very well with your innovative products and target consumers, who appreciate cutting-edge technology and design." Recognize: Gim's use of precise adjectives (descriptions) and action words (verbs) Gim's use of concrete examples and evidence|Verbs: go very well, appreciate
Adj: innovative, target, cutting-edge
Concrete examples: products, target consumers, technology, design
Line 9: "... customise the packaging design to suit your products and target consumers." Recognize: Gim's use of precise adjectives (descriptions) and action words (verbs) Gim's use of concrete examples and evidence|Verbs: customise, suit
Adj: target
Concrete evidence: packaging design, target consumers
Line 11: "... the difference really goes into the upcycling effort, besides the designing." Recognize: Gim's use of concrete examples and evidence|Concrete evidence: upcycling effort, designing
Line 11: "... We'll be ready to conceptualise your customising needs whenever you're good to go." Recognize: Gim's use of precise adjectives (descriptions) and action words (verbs) Gim's use of concrete examples and evidence|Verb: conceptualise
Adj: customising
Concrete evidence: we'll be ready ... whenever you're good to go
