Read the context carefully and put together the email by filling each blank with a suitable option given. You are in the organising committee for the company's anniversary dinner. Write an email to: Your colleagues Inform them about the event. Encourage them to participate in the games. Try to get them excited about the event. What is the most suitable subject title (A); to inform your colleagues about the event.|Our 10th Anniversary Dinner
What is the most suitable opening paragraph (B); to inject excitement, in the email to your colleagues?|Our company's 10th Anniversary celebration dinner is just a week away!
What is the most suitable line (C), to encourage them to participate in the games?|Do participate actively. Let your hair down and let's party!
Read the context carefully and put together the email by filling each blank with a suitable option given. You are in the organising committee for the company's anniversary dinner. Write an email to the company director, a stern man from a high power distance culture. Inform him about the event Request that he gives the opening address What is the most suitable subject title (D); the company director, a stern man from a high power distance culture about the event. Choose the most suitable option from the ones given below.|Our 10th Anniversary Dinner
How will you address your company director in the email (E), bearing in mind he is a stern man from a high power distance culture? Choose the most suitable option from the ones given below.|Dear Mr Derek
How would you inform him about making the opening address (F)? Choose the most suitable option from the ones given below.|We would like to invite you to give the opening address for the evening.
How would you tell him about the activities planned (G)? Choose the most suitable option from the ones given below.|The organising committee has made the necessary arrangements for the food, games and lucky draw. We hope you will enjoy the evening of celebrations.
How would you sign off at the end of the email (H) ? Choose the most suitable option from the ones given below.|Best regards, Tommy On behalf of the Organising Committee
