Select the language for negotiation used that best describes the statement in this scenario where two managers, Hai and Min, discuss space allocation for their incoming interns. (*Hint: One of the strategies is used twice here) Hai: We need to create additional office space for the interns who are coming in summer. Let's plan for that.|Communicate goal clearly
Select the language for negotiation used that best describes the statement in this scenario where two managers, Hai and Min, discuss space allocation for their incoming interns. (*Hint: One of the strategies is used twice here) (Min) It will be rather difficult to carve out an entire room for the interns as all the rooms are fully utilised. How many interns are we expecting? We could clear up a corner at the lounge for some shared work space.|Bargain systematically - provide reason
Select the language for negotiation used that best describes the statement in this scenario where two managers, Hai and Min, discuss space allocation for their incoming interns. (*Hint: One of the strategies is used twice here) (Hai) I see. In that case, I'd rather they share one of the meeting rooms, for more privacy. I am expecting about seven of them.|Express decision firmly
Select the language for negotiation used that best describes the statement in this scenario where two managers, Hai and Min, discuss space allocation for their incoming interns. (*Hint: One of the strategies is used twice here) (Min) Are you sure we are ready to do without one of the three meeting rooms? All our meeting rooms are used every day by various teams.|Bargain systematically - provide reason
Select the language for negotiation used that best describes the statement in this scenario where two managers, Hai and Min, discuss space allocation for their incoming interns. (*Hint: One of the strategies is used twice here) (Hai) I understand and it's hard for colleagues to get used to having less options for team meetings.|Express empathy
Select the language for negotiation used that best describes the statement in this scenario where two managers, Hai and Min, discuss space allocation for their incoming interns. (*Hint: One of the strategies is used twice here) (Min) Sure. Thanks for offering to make the announcement when the time comes. So we will allocate one of the meeting rooms as workspace for the seven interns coming in summer.|Summarise concisely
Select the language for negotiation used that best describes the statement in this scenario where two managers, Hai and Min, discuss space allocation for their incoming interns. (*Hint: One of the strategies is used twice here) (Hai) But we should be able to work around that. The less formal meetings can be held at the lounge or over coffee. Please make the arrangement and I will help to communicate about the change and possible alternatives.|Ask for concession and offer concessions
